yeah
are there any mementos from when
the earth was warned objects
that could possibly tell us his
true age
one of my favorite stories in
the new series is the story of
man named Claire Patterson
american scientist who went in
search of the age of the earth
he stumbles on the realization
that led which is in meteorites
and one of the key elements that
allows you to date the meteorite
it's everywhere in the
environment coming from sources
that are not cosmic and he's
concerned about this because he
knows LED is bad for you and it
was his study trying to find the
age of the earth that led us to
discover that led in the
environment then primarily from
auto emissions leaded gasoline
is killing us
he realized that he had to stand
up and fight to end this
horrendous danger to all of us
and it suddenly transformed from
a research scientist to a
citizen activists
that is correct
yeah